adapt debugging hints (#1136)
openSUSE/agama: web/README.md

some hints. The second location to check for errors or warnings is output of `npm run server`
where you can find issues when communicating with the backend. And last but on least is
journal on backend machine where is logged backend activity `journalctl -b`.

> If journal does not provide required info, there is also option to see dbus communication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the journal does not contain the required info, you can inspect the D-Bus communication
```

> which can give hint about data flow. Command is `busctl monitor --address /run/agama/bus`

Reviewer: I think the address is `unix:path=/run/agama/bus`

Author: right
